feat(web): introduce NavigationItem slots (#2676)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/Navigation/README.md

</NavigationItem>
```

### Navigation Item Slots

Use `startSlot` and `endSlot` props to render optional content around the `NavigationAction` label.
The slots accept any `ReactNode`, for example `Icon`, `Tag`, `Pill`, or custom layouts.

When you pass an `Icon` without explicit `boxSize`, `NavigationItem` sets it to `20` by default.

```tsx

> <NavigationItem startSlot={<Icon name="profile" />} endSlot={<Icon name="chevron-right" />}>

Reviewer: suggestion: What about composition?

```jsx
<NavigationItem>
  <NavigationAction href="#">
    <Icon name="profile" />   
    Dashboard
    <Icon name="chevron-right" />
  </NavigationAction>
</NavigationItem>
```

Does this feel far less complicated?

<NavigationItem isOpen startSlot={<Icon name="folder-dualtone" />} endSlot={<Icon name="chevron-up" />}>
  <NavigationAction elementType="button" aria-expanded>
    Menu
  </NavigationAction>
</NavigationItem>
```

### Sub-Items

Second-level navigation entries are recognized structurally when they are nested in subnavigation
(`ul` inside a parent item). Sub-items are indented and do not render `startSlot` and `endSlot`.

```tsx
<NavigationItem>
  <NavigationAction href="#">Nested item</NavigationAction>
</NavigationItem>
```

### API

| Name         | Type                       | Default  | Required | Description                            |
| ------------ | -------------------------- | -------- | -------- | -------------------------------------- |
| `alignmentY` | \[`center` \| `stretch`]   | `center` | ✕        | Vertical alignment of the children     |
| `endSlot`    | `ReactNode`                | `null`   | ✕        | Optional content rendered after label  |
| `children`   | \[`string` \| `ReactNode`] | `null`   | ✓        | Content of the NavigationItem          |
| `isOpen`     | `bool`                     | `false`  | ✕        | Whether the category item is open      |

> | `startSlot`  | `ReactNode`                | `null`   | ✕        | Optional content rendered before label |

Reviewer 2: 🔤

</NavigationItem>
```

### Sub-Items

Second-level navigation entries are recognized structurally when they are nested in subnavigation
(`ul` inside a parent item). Sub-items are indented and do not render `NavigationAction` `startSlot` and `endSlot`.

```tsx
<NavigationItem>
  <NavigationAction href="#">Nested item</NavigationAction>

> </NavigationItem>

Reviewer: suggestion: What about composition?

```jsx
<NavigationItem>
  <Icon name="profile" />
  <NavigationAction href="#">Dashboard</NavigationAction>
  <Icon name="chevron-right" />
</NavigationItem>
```

Does this feel far less complicated?

Author: after discussion in office, we made it differentely

It can obtain `isSelected` or `isDisabled` states by adding the respective props.

```tsx
<NavigationAction href="#" isSelected>Selected Link</NavigationAction>
<NavigationAction href="#" isDisabled>Disabled Link</NavigationAction>
```

ℹ️ When `isSelected` is set, the `aria-current="page"` attribute is added automatically for the correct accessible state. You can still override it by passing your own `aria-current`.

ℹ️ Please note that in the `isDisabled` state the `NavigationAction` will be a `span` tag.

If the `NavigationAction` is inside a [`UNSTABLE_Header`][web-react-unstable-header] component, it will
inherit the height of the `Header`.

### Navigation Action Slots

Use `startSlot` and `endSlot` props to render optional content around the `NavigationAction` label.
The slots accept any `ReactNode`, for example `Icon`, `Tag`, `Pill`, or custom layouts.

> When you pass an `Icon` without explicit `boxSize`, `NavigationAction` sets it to `20` by default.

Reviewer 3: maybe i would avoid the number and make it more broad, so if we decide to change we do not need to change this as well

```suggestion
When you pass an `Icon` without an explicit `boxSize`, `NavigationAction` ensures the correct size is set.
```

It can obtain `isSelected` or `isDisabled` states by adding the respective props.

```tsx
<NavigationAction href="#" isSelected>Selected Link</NavigationAction>
<NavigationAction href="#" isDisabled>Disabled Link</NavigationAction>
```

> ℹ️ When `isSelected` is set, the `aria-current="page"` attribute is added automatically for the correct accessible state. You can still override it by passing your own `aria-current`.

Reviewer 3: :(

Author: ✅ Fixed (commit d353bd98): Restored the manual `aria-current` guidance note and removed the automatic one.

```tsx
<NavigationAction href="#" startSlot={<Icon name="profile" />} endSlot={<Icon name="chevron-right" />}>
  Dashboard
</NavigationAction>
```

### Open Category State

Expanded category triggers in vertical navigation get the open visual state automatically from the
`aria-expanded="true"` attribute. This state is intentionally different from the selected state
(`isSelected`). Set `aria-expanded` on the trigger action to reflect whether the category is expanded.

```tsx
<NavigationAction
  elementType="button"
  aria-expanded="true"
  startSlot={<Icon name="folder-dualtone" />}
  endSlot={<Icon name="chevron-up" />}
>
  Menu
</NavigationAction>
```

### API

| Name          | Type                                           | Default | Required | Description                            |
| ------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- | -------------------------------------- |
| `children`    | \[`string` \| `ReactNode`]                     | `null`  | ✓        | Content of the NavigationAction        |
| `elementType` | `ElementType`                                  | `a`     | ✕        | Type of element used as                |

> | `endSlot`     | `ReactNode`                                    | `null`  | ✕        | Optional content rendered after label  |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| `endSlot`     | `ReactNode`                                    | `null`  | ✕        | Optional content rendered after children  |
```
? and for startslot the same?

Author: ✅ Fixed (commit d353bd98): Updated both `startSlot` and `endSlot` descriptions to "before/after children".

It can obtain `isSelected` or `isDisabled` states by adding the respective props.

```tsx

> <NavigationAction href="#" isSelected>Selected Link</NavigationAction>

Reviewer 3: revert

Author: ✅ Fixed (commit 348bcad2): Restored `aria-current="page"` in the selected state example.

```tsx
<Navigation aria-label="Main Navigation">
  <NavigationItem>

>     <NavigationAction href="#" isSelected>

Reviewer 3: revert

Author: ✅ Fixed (commit 348bcad2): Restored `aria-current="page"` in the full example.

</Navigation>
```

> ### Breaking Changes / Migration

Reviewer 3: wut, this not a good place to mention it. Probably place it in MIGRATION-GUIDE-v5?
